c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Videogames Codex.dll.config
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Videogames Codex.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Videogames Codex.pdb
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\obj\Debug\Videogames Codex.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\obj\Debug\Videogames Codex.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\obj\Debug\Videogames Codex.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\obj\Debug\Videogames Codex.pdb
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\d.videojuegos\source\repos\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Videogames Codex.dll.config
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Videogames Codex.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Videogames Codex.pdb
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\obj\Debug\Videogames Codex.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\obj\Debug\Videogames Codex.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\obj\Debug\Videogames Codex.dll
C:\Users\D.VIDEOJUEGOS\Documents\ProyectoASP\Videogames Codex\Videogames Codex\obj\Debug\Videogames Codex.pdb
